Gentle dental discovery


00:00
Working with her probably three years now, she always introduces me to really nice people, so I'm excited to talk with you. Do I need to be on the computer or not? Nope, not for this first call. All let me get in here with my wife. We work together, so let me get you on speaker. And there's a ghost of the dog. Hey, buddy. And we'll listen to what you got to say. All right, let's do it. Let's see. All right, can you hear me like that? Yep, I can hear you. What was your name again? I'm sorry. Shay Berman.


00:29
Perfect.  Yes.  So I got Jennifer in here. Hey Jennifer.


00:37
And I got the dog.  right, perfect.  Well,  usually when I get on first calls like this, my doctors are even concerned with new patient flow, frustrated they're not getting enough of a certain type of case like implants in the door, or sometimes just annoyed with how they represent themselves online. Does any of that even sound like you? Yeah, new patients are always, you know, got to keep a practice going. We have another doctor and now we added a third doctor about a year ago.  So there's three of us there now.


01:05
Perfect, so yourself and two associate doctors. oh Me and my wife and then one associate doctor. Got it, got it, got it. Just taking some notes.  So  she's come in to do, and we're trying to teach her some stuff. My wife does a bunch of the TMD stuff. I like to do the implant stuff.  We kind of combine and cross over a lot of different other things. Perfect, and how many patients per month are you guys seeing right now?


01:33
I don't know what we had this past month. For new patients? Yeah, we probably didn't have a lot this this month was kind of weird. So we probably only had like maybe 15 new patients. Last year we dropped we were only in network with one provider ever and we dropped that one last year, a year ago January. And this coming January will be a year so that might have had a little something to do with it. But we didn't have a whole lot of


02:02
like I don't know, digital marketing presence going. We tried some funnels with one lady, but it ended up being, I know the leads that we got from it were not really productive. She said we had all these, I don't know, whatever she said, 60 leads, but I think we only got like two patients out of it or something. Oh wow. When was that? That was probably January through May. So most of our referrals currently are coming from in-house. We got a great patient base that love us and


02:31
You know, of course, the best referral is an internal referral. Of course. And are all three of you doctors full time in the office? Yeah. We work four days a week. I run two columns. Dr. Shaw, who's our associate, runs two columns. And my wife, Dr. Jennifer, runs one column and a half probably. Got it. I mean, on 15 new patients, to keep all three of you busy, you guys must be doing a lot of production on your current patient base.


03:01
We do, but it's like you got to keep new patients coming in. So I think for us, what we'd look for is we'd love to get some new patients because we're a fee for service office, know, fee for service patients. Again, I like to, you we like to do cosmetic stuff as well like that and the other doctor, any other dentist. And I do, I do use Buy Horizons, you know that from Jen Dolphin, who's not with Buy Horizons anymore. Is she not? When did she leave?


03:28
Like a month ago or something all of a sudden went to order something and she's not with us So don't know the the backstory with that. Oh my gosh, she called me and told me I'm gonna have to ask her yeah, which I don't know if she's allowed to you know, she we only found out because we went to order something or whatever and So so I don't know where she moved on to her what she's doing and she probably maybe she just can't say anything just yet. I'm still gonna call her


03:56
All right, so we've got three full-time doctors. It sounds like, Jennifer, you like to do TMD,  you like to place implants,  Greg,  and 50 new patients per month coming November. You guys dropped a lot of the insurances a while back. Tried a Facebook lead funnel January through May.  You kind of just produced leads but not good quality.  And ultimately, you're doing great production on your current patient base, but you're probably gonna get through that patient base eventually if you don't start bringing in new patients in general for fever symptoms.


04:25
And for a long time, we were probably running 30 new patients a month,  which was pretty fair.  And that's a good number. We try to,  it sounds weird, but we try to limit to basically like, you know, one new patient, a doctor per day or two new patients a doctor per day.  Right, so it'd three in the day, you know, one for each of us because we spend an hour and half with a new patient.  So we try to  find that sweet spot of, you one establishing patient.


04:53
that day and we'll give the new doctor some more emergency type stuff.


04:59
And actually that was my next question. How is the schedule in regards to emergency patients? I only  ask because while we do a lot of general new patient marketing, we're also able to get a good amount of patients in for emergency dentistry that could be a little bit higher revenue off the get go and then stick with you for the long-term when you show great quality service and care.  Yeah, we usually have room for that. Like between the three of us, we can usually fit some. I think my schedule has been the tightest recently.


05:27
between Dr. Jen and Dr. Shaw. It'd be a rare time that we can't get somebody with it either that day or the next day. We can usually get somebody in. Perfect. All right, I'd love to do that. And what will your revenue be when you close out 2023 here? I haven't looked at the number yet. Probably two, maybe two and a quarter. Yeah, haven't looked at the numbers. We haven't gone through the numbers yet. Let's say roughly two.


05:56
Okay. And you have any goals for 2024 set yet or it just off off the cuff? More than that. I'd love to see, you know, two and a half or so so we can not sweat bills and all that kind of stuff. That's going to be a big part. We finished up with a consulting firm and trying to decide if we want to keep them for the next year or not. And talking with you and we'll get a proposal from you and see what kind of things we can can sit or can't sit in the budget coming up.


06:29
Yeah, I mean do we break it down combat a tour if we produce 20,000 a day between the three of us that generally works out fine Okay, good to know And do you know how many active patients you guys have in the office? And I've worked out recently there probably it's usually hovers around that 2500 to 3000 mark probably


06:51
That's solid. And are you using any patient communication tools like revenue out or anything like that? Yeah, we use what we've and we can send blasts through what curve. So curve is our operating software. There are a cloud based one that we've had for a few years now and we can do like email blasts through that. But then we also use weave to do, you know, like texts and like confirmation type stuff and all that. Cool.


07:24
What else should I know about your guys's practice or your goals that I haven't asked about already? We're definitely like a family practice. We literally see like kids to, you know,  I always say zero to a hundred because  we've had patients from zero. We've had patients over a hundred.  Again, implant wise, I probably do 90 % of the implants that come through our office. do our fur out maybe 10%.


07:50
Maybe 15 % like the hybrids and stuff I'll send out and to let a surgeon do that. Um, agendas, TMD, sleep. main, our main goal for our office, you know, to keep people comfortable, healthy, chewing in a way that they can afford and do, you know, like we're not like a high pressure high sales do it this way or nothing.


08:19
That's why we spend so much time with new patients. We try to figure out what they want and try to figure out how they can get it done. Makes sense. High quality patients. Right. And we're definitely not at pressure. I'd say I'm certainly true implant pro, more conservative than I should because I just do what's right. We've always done that way. Right. Yeah. You know, not everybody wants implants, not everybody can afford implants. So, you know, we do dentures, we do partials.


08:49
do bridges  bridges.  both both Jen and I have trained at LDI uh for both cosmetic and TMD work.  Sleep medicine.  does that. oh Kids she worked in a pedo office for a while so she does kids but Dr. Shalhoub will do some kids to you.


09:13
Um, let's see what else we all trained at University of Florida, course. So that's always, that's why you're down to what West Palm. Yep. We got 135 team members here in West Palm beach and we service a little over 800 practices around the country, but we a big footprint in Florida just cause we've always been here. Right. Well, our son lives down that way. lives in the Wellington area. Oh yeah. Nice spot. I'm trying to think what else to know about our office. Uh, fee for service.


09:43
We do have like third party financing, care credit and let's say I learned Sherry and lending clubs. So there are options for people. Yeah, you've got a lot of options. That's great. They can get there. Our demographic isn't so part of the issue we had with the last person last two times we tried some of this SEO stuff and all that was they're like, hey, let's run the, you know, $79 initial exam and cleaning special. Well, we're not that type of office.


10:13
those are the people that come they do that once you never see them again because they find the next deal. Most of the clients that come to us our fee-for-service office is looking to do high quality dentistry on compliance patients looking for a comprehensive office.


10:34
We really try to see the big picture and help people not to say that we get plenty of merchants come in. Hey, this is hurting and we'll pull it for him. And, know, a lot of them will establish and say, oh man, this is so comfortable. I've never been relaxed. So so relaxed in office and they feel good. Other ones are like, all right, when the actual hurts, I'll call you doc.


10:53
And that's what we try to avoid. You know, the people are just coming in for a one-off,  they're going to shop around. ah You're never going to fully get rid of those people when you do marketing, but the way that you present your office, the way you present the quality and the comprehensiveness,  key words and other things that you use  all will play a role in keeping that to a minimum. Right. And  we don't mind the emergency stuff too. It still brings in money and keeps Dr. Shaw busy.  Oh yeah. No, I mean like the emergency patients like,  I like my emergency patients to at least give you the opportunity to earn them as long-term.


11:24
Right. Right. And a lot will convert. Well that's really good to hear. And I'm surprised that you guys ran Facebook ads because those are more for an office that is very like high volume, low, I don't want to say low quality, but high volume. You know what kind of dentistry that is. That does not sound at all like what your practice is. Right. I like that we want to work smart and honor. It wasn't Facebook ads you said. was Google ads.


11:52
Really? You had the experience with Google Ads?  Say  that again?  I'm surprised that that experience came from Google Ads because that  definitely sounds like a Facebook ad experience. ah Were those calls coming in from...  Was it incoming calls or was it incoming contact forms?  Incoming contact forms.  Okay, that's the thing.  If you run a Google Ad campaign  and make incoming calls...


12:22
it's much easier to get that patient  on the phone because you're just answering to them. Scheduled because you're building that human relationship right off the bat.  And then when you use your tools like Weave and Curve for the pre-appointment reminders, you're to have a much higher and better show rate. ah When you do contact forms,  they're hard to get in touch with. They've changed their mind by then.  It's just  such a high churn system. um


12:52
conversion rate to get them  to the office  and let the dog out  was not that tremendous and so our front office was spending a lot of time chasing dead ends. Yeah I can imagine that makes sense.  So we want to make it easy. Oh there's another platform we used to called InstaConsult.


13:13
which is the guy that did our website for us runs that. And that's sort of like that. There's a link on there like, hey, get a consult from the doctor. It works okay. We've had more conversion from that. We've only had, I don't know, maybe 20 people across it, but we've probably had four of them come in. So percentage wise, it's much higher percentage than what we got through the contact form thing. And you're still using that?


13:39
Yeah, that's on our website. There's a little thing that says requests. Like I said, it works okay. The issue we have is sometimes I won't get a notice that there's something that's come up and I won't see it for like a week and I'm like, oh crap. So it's not very Insta Insta of the Insta consult if it takes me a week to get to it. But it also requires me to make a video respond to them.


14:02
But I don't mind that so much because most people, they like see  the doctor, put some of these. They're like, OK, there's a face or a human behind it. It's not just a name.


14:13
Yeah, when you make that connection, it's just, you get better show rates, you get better compliance, you get higher treatment acceptance rates. It's just great when you get them on the phone.  I will say with that one, most of them, not most of them, but have been,  you know, I guess everybody's a bargain hunter and  I get the same thing where I think I need a bunch of implants, but I don't have any money. Like, well, that's  wonderful.


14:38
You know, I can't do anything for free. just making them understand, which I guess is my job. And again, once they usually get in, we can help them figure it out.  Yeah.


14:50
I think anything else you can think of, John? It's about like a thinker off the top of her head. I'm sure you probably check the website and stuff. We'll probably get little more content. The big part of it is we never have the time to do half the stuff. So it's like the more hands off it is for us, the better. And website, make sure you don't have it wrong, is gentledentalonline.com? Yeah, that's right. Okay, just wanna make sure.


15:15
know, ideally we would have somebody that would tell us like, this month, I'm going to change this and do this. And we would say, okay, thanks.  You know, or ask us 10 questions and we can say, yeah, we haven't noticed anybody coming in from this or we've had a whole bunch of people come in from this. Okay. We'll focus this direction. Yeah. And that's  exactly how we're built.  We.


15:41
we've had like people will say oh we're gonna do all this stuff and then they start it and we never hear from them again you know when we did that one company I can't remember their name  the one that wouldn't let us  quit with them like we signed on and I don't know which one yeah we had one that they like auto renewed us without any notice or something that was a big hassle  not legal in Florida


16:11
So hopefully you got it. That sounds good to know. They have to give you like 90 days notice. um, yeah, Jennifer, to your point.


16:19
We actually are a little bit different in that our clients ghost us more than we wish. So we require that you guys meet with us at least once per month as a requirement for working with our company because we want your feedback. We want to go over the new patient records. We want to talk about the show rates. We want to talk about the revenue and  we understand things come up. You might have to miss a meeting, but we need to get that back on the schedule within a couple of days, no more than a week, because we do need to meet every month on the results.  Yeah.  And that's fair timeframe.


16:50
our current consultant people want to meet like once a week and it's like we haven't even touched what we did last week. Yeah. We're not sure we're going to keep them for the next year or not. Cause like I said, they do some of the same things that they are talking about, but we didn't have great success with it. The beginning of it, was like, you know, whatever free for the first, cause that's part of the consulting group. The lady did it free for six months. Then it like, we'll sign on. We're like, we didn't get the results we were looking for. So we, we just said, all right, we'll back off of that.


17:19
uh and see what else is out there. then  Jen Dauphin gave me your name. I was like, well, we can talk about it and  see what the options are and all that kind of good stuff.  Obviously she's seen good things from some of the offices that you guys work with.


17:34
Yes, she refers to, like said, some great clients. Her doctors and her have been very happy with us for a few years now. And I'm just, we're fortunate that she keeps referring us over. So I have to find out where she went. Yeah, I saw her, likes some picture I had on Facebook in her day. So she still exists, but. That's good. She's alive. Oh Jen saw her at the Pink concert. So she's, she's, she's out there and about. All right. Well, I figure that out with her, because I'm just curious too.


18:04
You guys sound like a great potential client for us.  I mean, there's no pressure at all. But from here, I would usually put together a plan with my team. We take a look at like your competition, the demographics, and I took notes on everything we just talked about. And I put together like a good go to market plan. Great. You may end up hating all of it,  liking all of it, or maybe some pieces might end up being cool pieces to start with. But if you're open to seeing it, I'd to put it on the calendar where I present it to you. Yeah, that'd be perfect.


18:33
Now the trick is, let's look at the calendar. Let's do it. What kind of time frame do you need to put it together? That's the first question. Because the holidays are coming here. Yeah, I only need a couple days. So like anytime starting next week or after. So will you look at next Wednesday, Jared? Wednesdays usually work best for us because that's the day we don't have patients. Cool. So she's looking at that. That's why I did the call today at this time. We'll go see what we have already next Wednesday. Let's take a look.


19:03
any time after your workout. Okay, so next Wednesday like any time like this time or later is fine. I've got a call right around this time. Can we do noon? Yeah, it's fine. Perfect. And let's plan for 45 minutes in case we need it. And what I'll do is I'll call you guys back to this number then. I'll have a plan. go over. I'll send it via email. We can walk through it together. Sounds like a good plan. I like it.


19:28
Perfect. Well, thanks for all the info. This is going be super helpful. It was great talking with you guys. I'm looking forward to next week. If you have any other questions, just shoot me an email. I can answer through that way too. If you're thinking of something else that you need info wise, hit me with an email. can usually respond within a day. Same. If there's anything that you felt I forgot or I didn't ask, or you forgot or I didn't ask, shoot me a message. And this is also my personal cell phone. You can always reach me here. Perfect. All right. Thanks, Jay. I appreciate it. Thank you both. Have a great rest of your week. All right. You too. See you.


Alabama dentist brother referral
00:01
Hey Kyle! How's  it going?


00:08
Alright.


00:26
Everybody there?  I'm here. Alright. Congrats on the building moving forward.


00:42
Alright, so not breaking the champagne yet.


00:55
Well,  obviously I want to ask you guys if you have any questions first. I'd love to work with you.  If there's any questions, I'd love to answer them. If you'd like part of the plan, all the plan, none of the plan, where are you guys at?


01:14
presentation was really... uh


01:20
Thank you, I try to be.  Yeah, in a good way.  Thank you. No man,  it was first class. I really enjoyed it.  I guess we can get ahold of a seven other people. um I trust you and feel like you're going have our best interests  on the table.  I feel like you're a fantastic guy for us.


01:53
I do. was gonna say, if anything, think I'm more nervous than you guys. I'm on the spot here.


02:14
The biggest mouth in the South, Horry.


02:22
I know. No, no, but seriously, I've got a lot to prove working with you. So if anything, I'm definitely more nervous in a great way because I got to show you how amazing we are.


02:38
to change the one we use now, so it's terrible. No, you guys, we got a great plan here. I'm very, very confident in it. And like I said, I'll give you first class service. My team will too. You always have me as a resource, of course, but my account managers are amazing. My team's amazing. I know what you guys are looking to accomplish. And I know my team's the right fit. That's awesome. The only thing that sucks is we have no bar.


03:21
I mean hey I can let you guys go have the piece of crap Akira first and you can come back to me


03:30
thing that ours did.


03:33
Am I good?


03:36
It sounds like y'all's plan seems a lot more  strategic than theirs was.  And ours went startup, but  it was.


03:47
Well,  I'd to work with you guys. And  obviously we've got the logo and the website to start. Do we know what an anticipated open date is again? Has that moved at all?  So what I'm shooting for at this point  is 60 days once we go under contract. So let's call it March 1st. um And  my goal is to close mid-later, the May 14th. um


04:13
So if we break the ground essentially, I'm trying to give a couple weeks buffer, you know, June, July, August, September, you know, think maybe for an October one start date.  I'd like to see that date in September, frankly. You  know,  one, two, three, four, five, six, six and a half months, you know.


04:37
uh I'm optimistic. I think we can get it done. I feel confident in our team that we can get it done. Okay, cool. But I would like to shoot for six months from when we go under contract. I mean, we're gonna try and close this building as  humanly as fast as possible. um


04:55
Well, I think that it's great we're talking now because the last thing you want to worry about is your website when you have so many other things going on. So it gives us the leisure of working at the pace that you guys prefer. And then with the marketing, there's some pieces, like I said, that should your budget allow it, you'll want to start two, three months before opening, like the SEO and social media. And then there's the things like the Google ads and the live chat that you won't want to start until a week or two before opening.


05:47
Yeah, for sure so


05:50
In situation like this, can invoice you guys for like the,  just the parts that we're working on the first four months together anyways, which is the branding pack and the website.  And we, I trust Wells, trust you guys. We'll begin work ah knowing that Wells will pay that invoice when they release those funds.  And then we'll just need the credit card on file for the monthly marketing. Once we begin that, six months down the road. Is  that what you're looking for? Yeah,  that's fine.


06:23
Yeah, wonder next steps. I will send you, or if it's okay with you, our DocuSign agreement for your signature. It's gonna ask for a credit card, Brent. Just put NA in those fields for now. And like I said, I'll just invoice you to give to Wells for the Brandy Pack from the website. And once I get that back, I'll hook you up with an amazing account manager so we can get started together. Cool. Yeah, let me know. I mean, and God forbid this thing doesn't get through. I mean, I'm-


06:51
So we'd still pay you guys for your time, but we would just kind of pivot.


06:58
Yeah, don't worry about that. for some reason this falls through, we'll of course take care of you.


07:06
Yeah, we'll look forward to seeing it. But I guess we're going to start working on  logo design and website. that correct?  Logo design and website are next up.


07:20
And then like I said, depending on when we finish,  we may start nothing if we finish early. We'll just leave the website ready to go, maybe just get it up online hosted.  Or it might be time to start social media SEO if we're about two, three months out and your budget allows it.  But you'll definitely want to start the marketing no later than about two to four weeks before opening.  Yeah, yeah, I mean, I'm thinking 60 days out,  know, Brooke will turn in his notice because he works in the same city. um


07:48
want to give that guy plenty of time to find somebody um as well. then, you know, obviously the sort of  of course  while he's still working there without getting noticed.  They're like, who's this guy?  Do I know? They're like, who's this guy? Yeah. Who you got for church? uh Yeah.


08:14
Perfect guys.  I'll send this over.  Yep, what's that?


08:25
Let's see.


08:28
can  shave all for that to make that happen.


08:34
Any  reason for that um 2000 number?


09:04
But I mean, if it's $22.50, that's fine. Yeah, you know, just so you realize it too, for the overall budget, I took out $25,000, $150,000, $175,000, $275,000.


09:23
27, 225. You're about 450 less than usual just because you know the friends and family and partner discount. So a little bit over budget but you get a ton of extra value there.


09:45
Perfect guys, I'll send this over. Brent, I'll send it to your email address. If you have questions on it, just give me a call.  Otherwise, once I get that back, I'll connect you with that AM. Get started.  All right, sounds great. Thanks for choosing my team, guys. A lot of pressure for me, but I'm excited for it.  I know, we're stoked. We think you're absolutely killing it.


10:05
you as a foreigner so we're gonna do great thank you again all right see you guys bye


Greenville Dental:
00:03
Hi, this is Eva. Yes, me. This is Shay with Digital Resource. How are you? I'm good, you? Good. Is this still a time? Yeah, sure. Just give me quick second. Yeah, no worries.


01:44
Okay.  Hello? It's good now.  Hi, cool.  Well, thanks for putting some time on the counter with me, Eva. It sounds like Jermaine keeps himself pretty busy. Right.  And I know you mentioned you're his partner. How are you guys divvying up responsibilities? What's both your roles in that partnership?  I'm  more awkward. oh Say again, you broke up there.  Can you  hear me? No, I can hear you.


02:12
Yeah, I'm more of the operational person. Got it. I'm helping him put things together. All right, cool. Well, I'm excited to talk with you and I figured maybe we can just recap what him and I spoke about, make sure you're aligned and then I can set up this proposal for us to walk through together and you'll talk about some specific timelines, expectations, answer any questions you might have. Sure. Cool. So we said that, he mentioned that they're opening in May, you're opening in May.


02:42
He wants to be going in full time. He currently lives about 30 minutes away.  The goal is to stick to general patients to start, but does want to get into implants and dentures a little bit in the more medium to long term. ah Talked about being a six out practice.  He's currently seeing 10 new patients.  He said per day and  no kids right now. ah


03:06
The goal though was to make sure that we have a great brand to cover the  practice branding,  a website to represent the practice that kind of parlay's into that,  and a new patient marketing plan to drive new patient opportunities to the door from day one.


03:22
Well if we want to start I'm gonna send this proposal when you receive it  we can go to page two and begin with the branding piece.  I may have missed in our conversation with Germaine and I's?  No, not yet. I'll look through what we can go through and if there's anything missing out, out.  Perfect.


03:47
just take a second to your inbox.


04:07
I just got it.


04:12
So we'll start on page two of the brand identity guidelines and logo.  So  Eva, we have a full branding team.


04:19
And what we do first, we have a consultation about what you guys want to see in your brand.  We have a great set of questions we developed over the last decade to kind of pull out of view what you want in your design, maybe without you even knowing.  And with that, we start with creating a brand kit.  It talks about our fonts, primary and secondary,  our color schemes, primary and secondary,  and the overall messaging, usage, and tone of voice that we use throughout any of the marketing, whether it be traditional, in office,  digitally,  so that any marketing company or yourselves can make sure you stay on brand with the marketing that you do.


04:49
After that brand package is created, which usually takes about two weeks,  we then do the custom logo.  We have, like I said, custom designers here that will provide you with about six different logo variations based on your logo consultation and the branding guidelines we build.  And you guys will choose and maybe choose to go through rounds of revisions on those logos until you get one that you absolutely love.


05:14
1750 is the total amount for the branding and guidelines kit and the custom logo with unlimited revisions as well. Overall, the branding guidelines and logo in total is about a month, two weeks for the guidelines, two weeks for the logo, so just keep that in mind. Two weeks for the logo, you said, two weeks for the branding? Yep, but branding kit will be first, logo will be second. So a month total. Correct.


05:44
Now once those are done, we can parlay that branding kit and logo into a website design, which would be step two, and that's on the next page. Our websites are fully custom. They're built on Webflow. It's the gold standard website development for dental websites, and also allows you guys to own your assets. So this website we build is yours to take with you if you ever needed to go elsewhere, you own this, we don't lease it to you like a lot of dental marketing companies do.


06:12
ah We custom design it and go through a custom consultation process similar to the logo design.  Once you guys approve your design, we go into the development phase where we code the website together, gather any images, videos, write the content,  and ultimately make the website go live on a demo server for you to view it before it goes live to the public.  Website's 100 % yours.  It's usually about two weeks for the design and 30 to 45 days for the build.  So call it about two months for the website to go soup to nuts.


06:43
50 to 50 is the one-time fee and again you own that website you almost files  even if you do host it or maintain it with us which we'll talk about the next page  you retain ownership at all times


06:57
Once the website's completed on that next page,  we do have website maintenance. ah We would include all your hard costs of owning a website. So  your hosting, your SSL security, your HIPAA ADA compliance,  usually might come out to about $100 a month at hard costs.  We cover that included.  And then for that extra value there, we charge $175 total for the program. We do include unlimited maintenance at your request as well.  So you can contact your dedicated account manager here.


07:27
and request updates to the website, whether it be team member changes, content changes, service changes, whatever it might be, we would typically get done within two to three business days after the request is made. Okay,  sounds good.  And you have full access to make changes on your own, just most of our offices don't want to do it on their own.  Right.


07:47
Now before I dive into the rest, I wanna ask you Eva, when you go to Google and you're looking for a new business to work with, do you go to the sponsored ads at the top of Google or like the map section or section below the map? Where do you get your results from? I mean, I never go to the sponsor. always go for the below.


08:09
which I guess is triggered by the whole SEO. But I don't typically select the sponsored, no. So 80 % of the people do what you do and skip over sponsored ads. Does that make sponsored ads irrelevant? No, we'll talk about those soon. But it does mean that 80 % of the population is looking to the organic results as a way of identifying their next dental home. All right.


08:37
So what we're gonna talk about next is how we earn those rankings with Google. What does it take to get there and have Google Places there since we can't pay for it? eh There's hundreds of reasons,  but we break them down to four major categories.  One is your website.  Is it fast? Is it mobile responsive?  Two is the content on your site.  Three is back linking, and I'll cover both those in detail in a moment.


09:04
But Eva, on the next page is social media, which takes us to our next section. Most of my offices know that social media plays a role in treatment acceptance, getting more referrals, getting more reviews, separating your office from the office down the road. That's pretty well known in 2024 now. But a lot of my offices don't realize that actually what you do on social media plays a role in how you rank on Google too, at least to an extent.


09:31
So 30 % of Google's algorithm is said to be revolving around social indicators,  as far as how often you post,  the engagement that you get, and the  speed in which you grow your following.


09:43
So to cover both sides of the equation, we want to assist you with posting three days per week.  Managing all the questions, the comments, the messages, the reviews,  and including a small, small, small budget  of $50 per month  to boost your posts, get more engagement. Just get the page looking more active  so in potential patients or when Google checks your page out  that they're seeing some more activity than you would otherwise have without the boosted posts.


10:11
um There is no secret sauce to this for the most part  so if you were like Shay like  I'm really great at social media or I'm a team member that is  that's fine do it on your own  just you know follow some of the rules that we set here that helps your SEO and just helps for good social media management for dental office  as far as at least three posts per week and boosting some of those posts to get better visibility. uh


10:42
does it work? Like, I know that I'm pretty sure.


10:45
We can go to Ellicart if we decide to do custom website and not one, I'm pretty sure that's an option. But as far as let's say we go with social media management, is there a contract? We don't do contracts. Everything we offer is month to month with just a 30 day cancellation notice. So as an example, we're going to talk about a handful of things today. But if you're like, Shay, once we get our bearings a couple of months in, I want to take the social media in-house, you can. Or like, hey, I'd to save some money initially and give it to you once we start generating revenue. You can add it in later as well. We did build the proposal to be holistically


11:14
rate for a startup office. So we just want to talk about how the results might be different if we take certain things out or do certain things.  Makes sense. But  I mentioned there's four major reasons we get better rankings on Google and we have a couple thousand searches per month happening  and going to the organic section in your area.  One was the website.  Number four was social media.  And those middle two reasons we get better rankings can be found on the next page.


11:42
which is advanced SEO and blogging. If you were to search for a practice like yours, obviously once you guys are open, you're settled, and you're pretending you're a prospective patient, Eva, what would you type into Google? To be able to find the website, our website? Yeah, let's say you're prospective patient looking for their new dental home in one way or another. What would you type into Google? Most likely I would be looking at location, so.


12:12
Griffin and I would be let's say a Ventures Griffin near me or just near me.


12:19
Yeah, you might be looking for dentures, implants, might be looking for best dentists, cosmetic dentists, dentists near me. We could probably agree that there's a great handful of keyword combinations, right? Yeah, quite a few. Quite a few. Well, in order to not get overwhelmed, because we do need to be pointed with what we go after to start, we need to use our tools. And we use SpyFu, Moz, and Google Keyword Planner to identify the keywords that have the most searches happening on a monthly basis so that we can choose the 15 keywords that will get us the most


12:49
visibility  once we earn those actual rankings.  So if we have a keyword that's like dentures near me  and it gets 300 searches per month,  I know that when I get you to the first page that that's 300 possible people are going to see you.  But it's best dentures Dennis has 20 searches per month.  You know you're not gonna move the needle too much even if you get to the first page.  So proper keyword selection is number one.


13:19
Once we choose the 15 keywords that will move the needle the most,  with the most valuable searches,  we then need to update the website.  Your title descriptions, your meta descriptions, your content needs to have a 5 to 7 % keyword density.  The images need to be optimized. We need to do H1 headers, H2 headers, schema markup.  All these things that Google looks at to give you a good base of is this content accurate for the city you're in, and is this content relevant for the keywords you want to go after.


13:49
But the two biggest things that we do for SEO is what you see under number four and number six.  Number four is called link building.  And without boring you to tears, because I definitely could,  link building is  where we get other websites that are more trusted than your own to link to your site.  So there's a trust score, it's called domain authority, goes from one to 100.  Your trust score will be a zero or a one when your website launches.


14:18
And when we get websites that are in the  30s, 40s, 50s, 60s to link back to you, and we build 10 to 15 links every month from our  thousands of relationships we have,  it's going to raise your domain authority and allow us to eke out the rankings above the competition that currently exists there.  Domain authority is one of the heaviest weighted factors in Google rankings.


14:41
The other thing that we do, is blogging, which is scene number six.  We do want to  produce ongoing original written content on the website.  So you may post a blog that says, how to find the best dental office near me,  best dental clinic, just using something random.  We are going to be making blogs about our keywords, about the city that we're in, or using near me  as a term,  in order to show the relevance  to Google that we deserve rankings for those keywords.


15:11
Google came out with an update in August 2022 called the Helpful Content Update. That says websites that are adding original, helpful, ongoing written content will rank better than others. So we have to be providing ongoing written helpful content in order to play that piece of the algorithm, beat out the competition that's currently doing those things or not doing those things, and do it better than them.


15:38
I just have one little question. Maybe we'll get to that at some point. But  what about marketing for, mean,  obviously I don't know if Jermaine mentioned, but he does, we do have, well right now a huge population  of his clients are of this certain age and they might not be the most technology savvy. Obviously we want to bring in some,  like, you know, a variety of demographics, but how do we target those individuals?  So  you didn't name an age, but I will go ahead and address both sides of equation.


16:08
The older side of the population is actually quite often using Google as a form of finding a dental office. Dental implant marketing is massive using Google and also Facebook and Instagram. It's one of the biggest things that we do. actually the global marketing partner for BioHorizons for their implant marketing for dental practices. So we can go after the older population very easily. And while there's always going to be a segment that's not that involved in technology, we are very surprised, our clients are very surprised to see how often they are doing research online.


16:38
across new practices. On the younger side of equation, we all know that the dental spaces have gotten more more crowded due to the marketing online because that's where patients are going, they're relying less on the referral than they used to. Now SEO sounds hopefully good. A lot of my clients think that after we've discussed it, but there is a downside you need to know about before deciding this is right for you guys. Eva, SEO takes time.


17:08
even if we follow all Google's rules today.


17:10
Google algorithm changes, you have competition who's always also trying to follow all the rules, and we have to show Google that we're being consistent and following all the rules over a good period of time before they actually give us the rankings. So we have found over our 10 years of experience that we usually can get most of your keywords on the first page of Google within about three to six months. Now does that mean like four months in you just pop to number one? No, you're gonna see yourself going from page 10 to page five to page three to page one, but you're not going to get new patients until you get to page one.


17:40
And getting to page one will take about three to six months to get a majority there where you can actually be found by patients. Now, 80 % of patients gain the results there. Obviously, we're looking at a big net benefit at the end. But we have to be willing to put in the time, the energy, and the money and some of the stress to watch our rankings get there to earn that value. Now, in the meantime, though, a startup practice has to rely on Google Advertising, which is on the next page.


18:07
This is focusing on the 20 % of people that do engage with the ads, but allows us to get those rankings immediately because we're paying for that placement. I recommend my startup spend $2,000 per month or more in budget. And I double checked on the competition area, the current marketing spends, and the cost per clicks. And 2000 is a good budget for you guys as well. That 2000 would go directly to paying Google for advertising placement. Again, capitalizing the 20 % that do engage there.


18:33
We charge only $650 per month to manage those ads,  meaning build out the entire campaign, do the keyword-bending strategies, build out the landing pages, do ongoing A-B testing, recording the calls,  and even helping you, and Jermaine,  pull your new patient records, match those up to the recorded phone calls and contact forms that we have so we can actually share with you how many patients are not only calling, but how many patients are showing up, scheduling appointments, accepting treatment, and what kind of dollars we're generating for your office. um


19:03
You would have a reporting dashboard  where you can listen to your phone calls, where you can see all the data from all your campaigns, including the other things that we've talked about. They all each have their own tab.  But the Google Ads one is super important because it allows you to see how your team is handling phone calls, if we're generating quality calls.  And we listen to them in almost real time as well so that we can  do better on our campaigns when we see the call quality coming in.  But really matching up your new patient records is crucial. And we do require that our clients provide your new patient records so we can help you guys make sense of your marketing analytics.


19:33
Sounds good.  And we have  with our general agreements of BAA in place, so we're totally covered under you guys with HIPAA.  Okay.  We've got just one more thing here, and it's directory listing management.  This is a tool we use called Yext, y-e-x-t dot com.


19:53
It's a publicly traded company and a software that we subscribe to on your behalf  that helps you get your directories online through Google, Bing, Yahoo,  which you of course know,  the voice assistants like Alexis, Siri, Cortana,  and a hundred plus other more obscure directories like Hot Frog, Mantis, City Search, Yellow Pages, YP, Yelp. uh Your information is most likely going to be inaccurate to start, even if you started with Google My Business page,  there may be an old business that was there or even a business that's accidentally listing itself there.


20:23
gets cross-pollinated across the data aggregators and you just have messed up listings online, maybe even an incorrect business marker in some places. Long story short, this helps you clean it all up within 48 hours. Make sure your business is always addressed correctly. And on ongoing basis, we push new data to those aggregators, giving a little boost in the map section of Google, helping your SEO out, and also allowing us to respond to your reviews on your behalf on an ongoing basis.


20:54
So  on that last page, this just talks a little bit about the relationship we would have.


20:59
You would have a dedicated account manager who walks you through the branding, the logo, the website design, and your ongoing marketing with us.  They get to know you guys very intimately and your goals as they stand now, but also as your goals change and as the business grows, your goals are going to change. ah You have a reporting dashboard, which each service that I mentioned that we talked about and any service you have with us in the future that we may not have talked about already, because we do offer more,  you would have an individual tab for where you can see all your reporting in real time, access at any time yourself,  but that reporting dashboard will also


21:29
to used to have great conversation with your account manager to make the most sense of your marketing and actually track real return on investment.


21:36
So we still have access to the back end of everything, essentially is what you're saying. Yeah, everything we work on as your asset, but this reporting dashboard we provide pulls all the back ends from all the 18 platforms into a nice dashboard for you to view all in one place so you don't have to log in and out of different crazy places like Facebook and Instagram, Google Analytics, Webmaster Tools, your website, et cetera. Yeah, I see. That's cool. Okay.


22:03
The $4,300 per month you see is everything we talked about that's monthly. The only thing that's not included is the branding package and the website. That $4,300 does include the $2,000 to Google and the $50 to Facebook. In dollars, like the ad dollars. Yeah, so technically our fees come out to, what is that, $2,250 and the other $2,050 is ad spend.


22:31
Right. Let's see. And that's paid directly, I guess. How does that work, typically? Most of our clients want to pay us the ad spend and then we put the ad spend on our card so it can be an evenly around number because sometimes the programs go a little bit high or a little bit low and we kind of help manage that. But if you want to pay for your ad spend directly, you're more than welcome to. We don't care either way.


22:53
Okay, I see. sense. Just a lot of our clients are like, hey, we'd rather just have the $4,300 taken on the first of the month instead of Google hitting us for $500 at random times throughout the month. Right. Which I can see why. Okay, sounds good. So in terms of, cause I'll go back and talk to Jermaine about all In terms of next steps, come on, give it to me.


23:18
If we do decide to move forward, when would be the expected start, pain point? I tell my startups, and we do this all the time, we're looking at timelines often, we do about 70, 80 startups a year. I tell my startups, as soon as you know you're going to be practice owners, is the time to start working on your branding and your website. Because while I say the branding's a month and I say the website's two months, you guys are busy, as I've already experienced with Jermaine. And it's probably going to be a little bit longer just because


23:48
you won't you're gonna get an email saying hey please review this you're like oh my god I have this coming up I have this tomorrow I might have a vacation this going on and you're you may not get us your feedback super fast the sooner you can start the less we might have extended timelines affecting us


24:07
He might have a few minutes in the next few minutes, so I'll try to get in touch with him.  Cool  Well, I want you to be able to connect with him and talk through things when can you and I connect together gives you enough time to speak with him?  see if I can't connect with is a fucking sale.  Tomorrow, I'm busy. I think  Monday?  Oh, that's soon.  Yeah, how's um?


24:33
possibly 130 or 430 Eastern.


24:43
to 130. Cool. I will just make a note to give you a call 130 Monday unless I hear from you first. Okay, sounds good. Cool. If any questions come up in the meantime, this is my cell phone. You can always call or text me here too. Okay, sounds good. Thank you. Thanks for your time today allowing me to go through all this. No worries. Take care. Have a great one. See you.




Dental proposal:
00:00
Yes, I'm here.  How's it going, Dave? Okay. Hey, I'm doing well.  Um, I made...


00:11
dumb and dumber. Might be a  little distracting.


00:20
No worries at all, I appreciate the heads up.


00:24
Alright guys, well. oh


00:33
get that place going so we definitely need some help.  That's perfect to hear.  And Dave, what's your email address? I want to make sure you, I know you're driving, but at least you have this proposal in your inbox so you can check it out later.


00:49
Dave.


00:55
So I just forward that to you as well, Dave, for you afterwards. You guys mind if I kind of just recap our last phone call, make sure we're all on the same page and then we can dive into the proposal if it makes sense? Yeah, that sounds good. Perfect.


01:09
So Chelsea, when you and I spoke, we talked about needing more new patients, hit some revenue goals, we want specific type of cases coming in. You bought it two years ago, you're on your second associate there. got about 26 new patients per month right now, with 30 % or so we estimate to be like Medicaid. We did 400K last year, we seem to be on track for about 500K in revenue this year. You've done some Google Ads before with Hiboo, I think that was pre-pandemic. You really want to do, or your words were you need to do,


01:40
$850,000 in revenue. So with that said, we have about a $25,000 per month gap we need to make up to hit our 21 and 2022 goals.


01:54
Anything sound inaccurate? No, I think you got it. Alright. Well, the proposal I sent over... Chelsea, are you at the office or are you still driving? Yeah, I know I'm at the office. Okay, cool. So the proposal I sent over, we can start on page two and Dave, I'll walk us through it verbally so you should be able to follow along. But if you have any questions, let me know.


02:21
Yeah,  custom website.


02:24
Yes, so  we talked about  the website first as far as the concerns like  making sure that it's going to be on a platform that's going to rank well for SEO purposes.  That's going to look beautiful. That's going to represent the practice. It's going to be custom. ah My biggest concern with working with you guys and bringing in the patient flow  is the SEO side honestly.  With the patient pop website, it's just not coded in the way that we need it  to be able to get that website to rank  great like we need it to to bring in the non-Medicaid


02:54
high quality fee for service patients looking for a quality practice.  May I walk you guys through like our website design process?  Sure. Okay.  So  what we do is we  have


03:09
our design team that's built hundreds and hundreds of dental websites.  And you guys might bring two or three websites to the table that you like.  We also have an amazing set of questions that we've developed over the years to really get a great idea of what you're looking for in a  design from a  look, feel, touch,  imagery, smooth, sharp  movement standpoint.


03:30
Once we get your few websites and what you like about them, as well as get our questions answered, we're able to provide you with a one-page PDF mock-up  of what the website will look like once it's completed.  You guys will take a look at that website mock-up and you'll either love it,  hate it,  or you'll really like it but want a few changes to it.  Most of our clients do want a few different changes and we'll go through a few rounds of revisions, whereas many are as is necessary  until you love what you see in that design.


03:59
From there,  we then start the build.  So design process is about two weeks,  and in the build, where we code the website together, write all the content, bring everything to  a final version of a website for you to view before it goes live,  that takes about 30 to 45 days. So all in all, it's about two months for the website design and build.  Once the website's done,


04:23
you will have a chance to review it, make any final changes  to make sure it's perfect before we launch it live to the public.  It is built on Webflow.


04:33
Webflow is the best platform today when it comes to brochure style websites like dental offices have  because of the speed, because of the search engine optimization, because of the user friendliness of the backend,  and the ability for you to still own your site.  So for some reason we didn't work together in the future,  this is a site you can take with you that any agency, even yourselves, can work on without us.


04:59
It's mobile responsive and for mobile phones, tablets, computers, it responds to different screen sizes. And we do write all the extra copy that's needed, especially for SEO purposes, including the website build.


05:17
Any questions there?


05:22
I think that  all makes sense.  And then... Yeah, I mean, that sounds good. I think on that  concern that we have, I think we've improved it so much, but it's still, you it's not a  front page,  or a fairly front page when we're searching for it.  that's  gonna be the number one way that people are finding us, and  that seems to make sense to me.


05:50
anything that we can do. How, um, like, you anticipate the results being, like, do you think they will be able to be searching if the thing would and...


06:05
As far as like  giving exact on how well  if I guess  or if I told you it would be a guess for sure  But what we did look up Dave on our last call  Chelsea and I we have a tool called spy-fu I'll definitely go to detail more about it later in the call  But it allows me to see like what keywords were ranking for on the first page from a  non cached  non um


06:31
like localized perspective, meaning like if you're not close, you've never been to the website before.


06:37
And looking at that,  I don't see  really great keywords showing up on the first page at Google  for things that people are actually using to search.  I have things on page one like  tongue breathing,  sopress smiles,  sleeping tongue,  sleeping tongue  out human.  They're very, very weird. The most relevant one I find  that is  on page  one  is  Dr. Norman Dentist,


07:07
ah Sarek, All in One, Sopris.  And  I guess what me and Chelsea found is that you guys, if you click on that map and you open up the map section,  you are kind of showing up higher in the map section, like that one below it.  But most people don't click to open up the map. They just review the first three results in the map on the main search page.


07:33
So  that's where we're aiming to be is on the map, like on the first  page of that after that  or whatever. Yeah. To circle back and answer your question, Dave,  right now we really technically aren't ranking great to get any visibility online.


07:52
um for like  in that map section, the section just below the map for keywords that are actually being used  locally.  So  with that, we can hope to see a significant improvement of our  ability to be seen by these patients that are searching for a dentist and the different services that SofaSmiles offers  once we get to that first page.  And when I get to the SEO section, I'll definitely dive into it in more detail.


08:21
oh On the next page, we have website maintenance.  Now this has nothing to do with your marketing, but most of our clients do request it. So I wanted to include it in case it made sense for you.  Website maintenance allows us to host your website on the Amazon Web Services servers, which is very fast, very secure,  provide HTTPS  and firewall security,  backups of your website every two weeks. So something ever did happen, we do have a fresh copy always on hand to put right back up.


08:49
And the biggest reason our clients come to us for is for the unlimited website maintenance. So whether it's adding pictures or pages or changing content or staff members, we're able to make unlimited updates to your website at your request within about two to three business days at most in most cases. And that's 175 per month.


09:17
All right, well, now the fun parts. This is where we get into the marketing. And I have a few different sections here. I'll break them down. have the social media SEO, which is like the long-term initiatives. We have the Google ads, which will get us new results right now. And live chat, which I call sales. But before I dive in, I'd like to ask you both. When you go to Google, do you typically click on the ads at the top, like above the map? Or do you click on the organic results in the map, in the section below the map?


09:47
intentionally do not click on.


09:52
I click on the map always. Perfect. So you guys are like me and about 80 % of population that skips over the ads, goes to the organic results. They feel like they trust it more and that's where they're going. So we know that if we want to get to where 80 % of population is getting their results and their recommendations for a business, we need to do SEO.


10:16
Now does that make  Google ads irrelevant? Of course not. 20 % of population is still very significant.  But  we're going to talk about the SEO side right now.  There are four reasons, or there's hundreds, but we can break them down into four,  on why we can get a practice to rank better on the first page of Google organically, where we click.  Number one is a well-built, mobile responsive, fast website.  Number two  is the right keywords throughout the website.


10:44
Number three is link building.  I'm gonna come back to both those in a second.  But number four, which takes us to our next section, is actually social media.  Most of my practices today know that social media increases treatment acceptance and referrals and reviews and it shows their culture. It's just great to have  for all those reasons. My practices know that by now.  But most of my practices don't realize that social media actually plays a role  in your search engine optimization results.


11:13
30 % of what Google looks at when it comes to ranking you online  revolves around your daily posts on Facebook and Instagram,  the comments that you get, the engagement, the growth that you get in your following month over month.  And so  when we use social media,  we do it for both SEO  as well as for the treatment acceptance and the culture and all the other things that come with having a great looking practice.  And it gets patients to say yes once they check you out.


11:42
With that said,  we'll assist you guys  with posting to Facebook and Instagram every day, Monday through Friday.  We'll post great pictures,  you GIFs.  We'll respond to the comments and the messages.  You know, we make sure we're posting at the right time of day. We use our social media listening tools to determine what's getting engagement, what's not.


12:01
But social media is a partnership.  No matter who you work with, it's going to be very important that  either you or someone in the office partners with a team like ours  to produce great content,  to make sure that we're getting pictures and videos from the office, things that are custom, that are showing the real people.


12:19
Do you guys have someone in the office that might be that liaison? um


12:35
Oh cool. uh


12:41
to some extent.  know our social media doesn't totally reflect it, but we,  yes,  are  aware of  all of this, that it helps  FDO, that it's  important, and so we've been trying to make a push to do it.  Perfect. Do  you guys feel like  working with a team like ours would assist you in being more regular?


13:09
I mean, I feel like we've only are one weekend to the other.


13:18
We don't have


13:22
Facebook we have like 40 follows  and we have sent out  you know email blocks trying to get people to follow us like with a giveaway or whatever like follow us on Facebook and  one lady said that we have too many things that they could do to enter we need to streamline it like follow us on Facebook  or Instagram to be entered to win instead of like  or do this or do this or do this  and


13:49
Yeah, bye.


13:51
patient so he didn't get any wine.


14:10
and that kind of stuff I ended up just doing like a...


14:15
you know,


14:23
Any ads for Facebook?


14:29
So this includes a small budget for Facebook ads. We do about $50 a month included in the 375. And it's about one to two boosts per week that we'll do for it. It will get you more engagement, it will get you more following, but ultimately social media is gonna be a long-term initiative that takes place inside the practice, getting current patients to go there, as well as what we do online through the boostings.


14:59
Gotcha. oh


15:28
It's fun. one, like maybe it's helping SEO just because of activity, but certainly no one is engaging with that. Okay. I'm going send you, um, there's a couple examples I had right on hand. I just sent them over. If for some reason you want more Chelsea, just let me know. Like I said, we have hundreds of clients that can send examples, but I just sent a few yesterday. So I just copy and paste those back to you. Okay.


15:56
um Either of you have more questions on social, I definitely want you to take a look at kind what we're doing for our current clients.  But also get an understanding that everyone has their own brand and we really want to assist you in making that brand come to life.  And  so the feedback you give us and our team to make those posts  and how we work with you to capture the content in the office,  we can really make it look like you.  so  keep in mind what you see there you may love or you may be like, hey, I want something a little bit different and we can make anything happen.  Yeah.


16:25
And so what is...


16:36
So  we prefer to get them as often as possible.  Most of our practices give us a dump like once or twice a month into a drop box.  We have some people that text us stuff all the time. You can definitely text your account manager the information or email it  as often as possible, but at least once or twice a month.


17:00
If possible. Yeah, well the thing is that if we can get like two of the five posts per week being custom That's good. If we can make it more than that, that's great But we'll always fill in the gaps with cool, you know graphics that we custom build for you with your logo that aren't used for other practices So it's not gonna look generic


17:27
All right, Dave, any questions on social?


17:37
think all of that,  it all sounds good. guess my only real question is, like,  who's gonna be the leader? Who's gonna be doing what? What would your role be? Because I think...


17:51
different things  that are in the  grand scheme like somewhat similar  but  you're only going to be as good as whomever is doing the actual work.


18:07
you know, who's actually gonna be doing this and not? Yeah, like, you know, like I feel like for me, it's mostly just a trust issue. Like you gotta trust the person that's doing the work. I like everything that you're saying. And if you were to say like, yeah, I'm gonna be doing all of this, I'd be like, great, let's do it. Let's sign up.


18:33
account manager is going to be like  one person,  what's the longevity of their role or you know,  what's the turnover rate.  Even like the last thing that we did I felt like  it seemed like it was  working pretty good initially and then it kind of tapers off and  I think the uh...


18:56
the person doing it kind of drops off or you know so


19:02
everything you're saying.


19:06
Yeah, I appreciate that. That's totally a great question for us to talk about. I'm the owner of the company and I really like to build these campaigns to make sure that we put our best foot forward so we know we're going to get you success. But if you guys do want to come on with us, you would have a dedicated account manager. Right now we have 13. There are our most highly trained individuals in all the different areas of marketing. They all have experience in dental. And I try to match you guys up with the right personality, experience, and of course the workload of the account manager to make sure you guys


19:36
can get really great attention from them all the time.  From there, they're your liaison between yourselves  and our 12 different teams that might work on your projects.  So you have one point of contact, they get to know you, learn you, understand everything that's going on in your project so that they can support you throughout our different teams and the initiatives so that everything is cohesive.  Our turnover rate,  I have to say, especially for our industry, is  really amazing.  Our average account manager's been here for like two or three years and we're only a five-year-old


20:06
in terms of when we first started hiring.  So that says a lot. ah Can't say that we don't have people leave. Of course they do sometimes. They go to really great places.  But when that happens, we have a great transition team.  But it's fairly rare.  But of course, know, business is business. Team members are team members. I want to be super upfront with you guys.


20:28
Yeah, mean,  yeah, that does. I mean, I would expect high turnover. That's why I kind of bring it up.


20:37
I think what we needed really right now is just someone that would be able to quite a bit of time in to really turn things around and get it where it needs to be. So I'm not worried about.


20:55
I guess I just wanted to feel like, someone's gonna be there, you know, for six months and like really committed to making this thing work.


21:04
Yeah, I would say as far as like turnover goes, I'd say that's probably one of least of the concerns. There's any concerns at all. But knowing that when you do get on board with your account manager, that they're one person that's going to manage a whole team of people that will do this work for us. So you're have a ton of people working on your project. It's their job to make sure that everything's cohesive. I'm really good. The manager of our account management team is really great at putting the right people with the right accounts so that you guys have the right personality mix.


21:34
that as well. I think, you know, what Chelsea maybe will have a different opinion on this, I think what we really want is someone that we can hand a lot of this off to and have them just make the decisions that are needed. We want to like trust in their expertise of what's going to work.


22:00
you know, sitting and designing it. It is a little bit different. Like, we don't work at that practice. So it's not our investment of like energy or care is a little different than if it was our primary office in Crested View where we really wanted to reflect ourselves as who we are and what we do it. Does that make sense?


22:22
100 % and that's exactly their job. Their job is to make sure they can bring what you guys want to life and that they're supporting you answering your questions. But obviously I can say a ton, Dave, until you experience working with them, you probably won't get to feel it for yourself.


22:44
Did that answer your question? Did I miss anything?


22:50
Please.


22:53
Yeah, I'm sorry I didn't hear that question. Oh, I just said, did I miss anything there? Did I answer that question okay?  Yeah, no, I think that sounds  good. I just keep trying to hit mute so you're not getting that far.


23:10
distracted. No worries at all. Yeah, no. Um, I, I feel like, I don't know. mean, I'm ready to move forward with something. So I think, yeah, we keep kind of going along here, but I just want to get out there that yeah, we want someone that's going to be like a very proactive person that gets it.


23:38
that just says, okay, here, I'm doing this and they're gonna make it happen.  Makes total sense. I feel like you would do that, just  from hearing you.  Yeah, I'll go through this a little bit more and I'll tie it all together at the end, Dave, and I'll give you a little bit more insight into how we manage the accounts and the touch points. I think that might help, Okay.  Perfect.


23:59
So we were talking about  how we get to the first page of Google Organically and how social media plays a role. And obviously we want to make sure it's a beautiful image. getting custom content. And we're filling in any gaps if we don't have all the custom content in the world with great graphics that represent you guys.  But I mentioned there's four reasons we get to the first page. Number one was the website.  Number four was social.  But numbers two and three  actually fall into our next section, which is advanced SEO and blogging.


24:26
Now want to ask you, Chelsea, if you were going to search for a practice like yours, like Super Smiles, what would you type into Google?


24:41
in like  progressive dentist or technology or something along those lines.  In Inglewood.  And Dave, how about you?


24:57
Okay, fair enough. oh


25:03
I mean  for  me it'd  be like  a number of reviews. Like if they've got like  five or less and they're  not half a ton of  care.


25:22
Perfect.


25:23
And you bring up great point that  it's not all about just getting rankings. It's all about also how you look online.  Your website and how it looks will play a role in it, buying decision after we make you visible.  But you guys both use different ways to find yourselves for the same practice. I'm sure we can agree that there's lots of different ways,  based on the services that we provide, the type of dentistry, best dentist, top dentist, best dental practice.  I mean,  there's a lot of different ways we can search for an Invisalign dentist, laser therapy.


25:53
So with that said,  we have three tools, Moz, SpyFu, and Google Keyword Planner  that allow us to know exactly how many people are searching for a given keyword  in a given month on average  around your practice.  So we might find that  top dentist  gets 1,000 people searching per month,  but best dentist is 50 people searching per month.


26:17
Obviously in that case we want to be visible for the keywords that are being searched the most.  We would together select 15 keywords to go after that have the most highly searched terms every month  and we put those keywords throughout your website.  We'd update the title of the pages,  the descriptions of the pages,  the content of the pages with a 5 to 7 percent keyword density  and we also have to update the metadata of the images.


26:46
because Google doesn't know what an image is unless we tell them.  So we have to put our keywords in the image metadata to allow Google to understand what we're talking about.  But a lot of that's like setup, choosing the keywords, updating the website content. It's one time things. You might review it every six months or so.  What you're really investing in in SEO is what you'll find under number four and number six,  link building and blogging.


27:13
Now  link building without me boring you to tears because I definitely could.


27:17
Link building is the process  of taking your website URL, your domain,  subbersmiles.com,  and putting it all over the internet  on different websites,  blogs, social bookmarking sites, directories,  and then putting some content that relates to the keywords we want to rank for  around that link on other websites.  So as Google crawls through the internet,  sees a link to your website on other relevant,  well-trusted sites,  linking back


27:47
to you.  You are given that credibility. You're seen as authoritative. You're seen as a content creator.  And it's one of the biggest things that push our practices to the first page  because  authority is one of the biggest factors in SEO.  The other thing that we do is blog.  So in this case, I'm proposing 250 words or more per month where our team writes blog content for the purpose of Google.


28:14
This isn't content that you want in your newsletter or content that you want to be super proud of.  I want to put that out there.  This is content written very keyword heavy, keyword focused  on a blog page.  So when Google crawls your website, they see that you're adding content,  you're adding more keyword density,  and that you are relative and authoritative because you're creating original content revolving around the keywords we want to rank for on the first page.


28:43
So that's $7.50 per month is for the SEO and the blogging. But I do want to illustrate something if it's okay with you guys.


28:53
Right now,  we have some keywords on the first page of Google that  people aren't really using to search. So let's just say that we're not really there.  If we are on page 10 for a great keyword,  and we're doing SEO, and after one month, I get you to page five.  Now we're looking for Inglewood Dentist.  You go from page 10 to page five.  Has Digital Resource done their job?


29:23
Great point.  We've done our job and that we got your rankings up, you can see progress,  but you're definitely not making more money from it. Can we agree on that?  Now in month two, if I get from page five to page two,  again, we're doing our job, you see progress,  but you're not getting an ROI on page two either.  you?  Let's call it zero.  So,


29:53
What I want to illustrate there here is that it takes about three to six months for a great SEO to start working. And while you will see progress, you will not see ROI until majority of these keywords are finally on the first page, which will take about three to six months.


30:09
For some practice owners,  it's not worth waiting. It's not worth investing to get where the 80 % of people do go.  And they take something else short term, like Google Ads only, because they don't have the finances to do that. And that's OK.  But for practice owners that do want to get where the 80 % go, like you and I,  you have to be willing to put in that three to six months. Watch progress being made, but understand ROI won't come until we get into that time period.  Yeah.


30:37
it's time to get a hygienist hopefully.  Okay, fair enough. That's a good point.


30:45
Any questions on SEO? I think we know and  certainly understand that.  That's always  part of  the commitment. We'll make the commitment on doing this and it right for six months.


31:14
Well, I can't say that that's never happened Dave, or I'd be lying to you. But I can say that we very rarely lose clients.


31:23
And for us to go from no clients about five, six years ago to working with over 500 dental practices today. And it's just me. I mean, it's just me and a small sales team doing the sales here. We're not some big organization like Patient Pop. We retain our clients. That's how we've grown so quickly. And we've earned trusted partnerships like through Fortune Management and worked with their clients continuously over the years because we do what we say. has there been situations where it hasn't worked? Yeah. I'll tell you like big metropolitan areas, more like Miami and LA.


31:53
it can be very difficult because there's so many people clamoring for the same space.  But we're looking at a  place like Inglewood, Colorado,  you don't have that same competition. I don't see that happening. I'm very confident that we can hit the mark here.


32:09
Okay,  and I mean,  ultimately,  it's the same with what we do.  Nothing's gonna work 100 % of the time and problems come up.  That's always the biggest thing when I'm listening to someone  like this. Okay,  if something were to happen or it's not going well,  I just wanna know and feel confident that  that will be caught  early, will change course, and it'll just be  not like...


32:36
Well, we tried, we did it. just kind of a, I'm not looking for anything guaranteed, I just want to feel good about, like if something isn't working, we'll change course and we'll find a way to cater to make it work.


32:54
Definitely and  and that's why I wanted to illustrate that  you don't have to wait three to six months to know if it works  You're going to be able to measure it with us  from month to  seeing the progress that's being made So you're gonna know if you're on the right track every month while you work with your account manager to measure it So you it won't just be a surprise  And I mean,  I get that, but too, the point of what you're saying,  like, ultimately takes us down to  the ROI. oh


33:23
Click so the things like that like that kind of drives me crazy with some of the other ones like oh you've had  X number of views that wall.  We've had no phone calls so


33:35
they're coming from  or if that know data.


33:42
Checked it earth.


33:44
I agree with you. I'm a big return on investment person. mean, our company is a performance based marketing agency. We only go for ROI. So while it's beautiful to say you're right down the first page, it means nothing if you're not getting any patients from it. If you do get to the first page of Google for keywords that we know have significant search traffic like we prepare in the beginning, and that's one of the biggest things, I have clients that come to me and say, Shay, we're on the first page. I say, well, how many patients are you getting from the internet? They say, well, not that many.


34:14
what we're on there on the first page for,  and it's things that aren't being searched.  So if we do the right research from the beginning, you actually get to the first page for keywords that are  being heavily searched every month.  The only reason why you wouldn't get calls  is if you had poor reviews or a poor looking website or social presence.  So because we're working on the website and the social that would be covered,  and you guys have good reviews and I hope they continue,  that shouldn't be an issue,  because that would be the only reason why you wouldn't get ROI in that case.


34:44
And for us, it's going to be super easy to track because we're going to more or less be using you and doing one thing. So we know what we're getting from...


34:55
You've taken some long


34:58
If that's going up, pretty much anything that is going up or getting improvement is going to get attributed to you. Yeah, and that's why I wanted to talk about the baseline with Chelsea so much on the last call. And I'm glad you guys have that data that you just stored because that's the conversations your account manager is going to want to have every month is, okay, where were we this month last year? Where are we now? And let's compare the month over month growth in your online new patients, especially again, not just looking at the Medicaid, but the fee for service


35:28
Medicaid too because  you have some quantity but we want to get the quality and quantity up which  SEO will help us with both.


35:42
Alright, let's move on to the  next one.  Alright,  the next piece is Google Ads.  And  I want to start off with budget and then I'll get into more of the specifics.  I'm putting down a budget of $1,500  per month.  You could go as low as $1,000,  but knowing your goals being so large, I wanted to get us little bit stronger and healthier of a budget for us to pay Google.


36:09
With this budget, we would go after either specific cases or just general new patients  through Google Ads, where we know 20 % of population goes for the results.  And we drive them to a landing page to call immediately.  We use landing pages instead of your normal website because we know that landing pages can have a much higher click-through rate, a much higher conversion rate, and making your money that much more valuable.


36:33
We typically see calls come in for about $80 a phone call or so.  It can be give or take, but I can use that as an average across hundreds of practices for sure.  So we would put the money into Google, put that on a daily budget,  advertise general patients or maybe specific case that we want to bring in,  send them to landing pages where we then have a tracking form and a tracking phone number.  So Dave, back to trackability.  Whenever someone calls  from our Google Ads specifically,  we will know  that it is different from like


37:03
regular Google call, someone calling from your website, your SEO, your Google listing.  So with that said, let's say you guys track, we got 30 phone calls from Google or internet or social this month.  I'll be able to say, that's great.  And here's the 15 that came from the Google Ads.  So of that 30, 15 must have come from Google Ads, 15 must have come from SEO. That's how we can break down the ROI  on SEO versus Google Ads together.


37:29
The phone calls you'll be able to listen to.  So  we listen to them ongoing for two reasons.  Number one, if something's not being done great at the front desk, we want to give you that feedback.  We see missed phone calls happen all the time. We want to let you know the phone calls are getting missed.  You know, just yesterday I was talking to practice where  they were like, I'd like to make an appointment. And the front desk was like, OK, can I come tomorrow? They're like, no spots tomorrow. I'm like, when can I come? They're like, we'll call you back.  It was horrible.  And the woman on the phone was even


37:59
like well I think I have two cavities I think I might need a crown like okay and like they just were not selling the woman it's horrible  so we want to be able to call you guys if any of that ever happens let you know  and if for some reason someone's calling in as a poor quality patient we want to know that too because we can pivot your marketing campaign  take out keywords bid on certain things less  to make sure we're always getting the most for your money in the highest quality possible  yeah  so


38:28
Just the ones from Google Ads. Okay. Yep, we only put a tracking phone number on the ads and the landing pages that are just for the ads. Got it. And then, um, and those would, I mean, when you typically...


38:50
being on the first page.


38:52
Yeah, it takes about a week and a half, two weeks to get them set up. And then they do launch right away and start getting seen. But there's a period of algorithmic learning, Google calls it, where the first week or two of your campaign being live, it goes through some fluctuations as Google tries to learn what your budget is and how the market's reacting to your landing pages and ads. So I typically say you're going to get some results in month one for sure. You should get a great handful of calls, but month two will be better. Month three will be even better. And month four, it just as we continue to optimize that campaign and get the most


39:22
for your money  and understand how the market is reacting to your ads, your landing pages,  you won't plateau on your budget until you're in about month four or five.  So month one, you'll see some stuff.  Month two, you should get a good ROI.  And the ROI should go up until about month four when you end up plateauing based on your budget.  And then hopefully the other stuff is really  starting to gain speed at that point. So.


39:47
you anticipate that most people increase their budget or do they get to a point where they don't feel like they need to Googleize the question.


39:54
It depends. mean, SEO, once it really kicks in, can be a big driver. But the thing is, like we talked about, Google Ads and SEO are kind two different segments of the population. So what my clients typically find is like, hey, our SEO is killing it, but I'm also getting these great patients from Google Ads still and a great ROI here. I don't want to kill this campaign. Do you know what mean? Yeah. And because we can... Yeah, and because we can segment it, you really do know who's coming from which side. Yeah.


40:39
of the things that made me so angry with Hiboo is they had our office name as like a search thing. So like if you put in SoberSlam...


40:56
Oh wow.


41:00
Your ads were coming up for your own name. Yes. Yeah. Yeah, I definitely don't want that.


41:26
Because if you have a patient that's looking for directions and they just put in silver smiles  and then they click on that.


41:34
So  exactly what I gonna say and kind of goes back to Dave's point, which is  it's not about views and clicks, et cetera.  I know it wouldn't even help our numbers because we're actually recording the phone calls. So all we're gonna report on together is  the actual patients that are new that have called in and they're gonna say, okay, Chelsea, okay, Dave,  here's the, we got 20 phone calls,  only 15 of them were good.  Here's the 15 recordings of the names of phone numbers.  And let's look in your practice management software and see if they came in, if they accepted treatment, what the reference


42:04
anyways so we're actually going to do it based on real people and measuring real dollars.


42:17
Yeah, I know.


42:23
I do have one more thing which is live chat and can I kind of walk you through live chat what it is briefly?


42:34
Okay,  well  we have our own live chat agents  and what they do is they initiate a conversation  with every single website visitor.  We find that when you have a significant  Google ad budget


42:49
This can really make your Google Ads go further by convincing more people  to get engaged with the practice.  So  long story short, our agents pop up. They say, hey, I see you're looking at Invisalign, or I see you looking at Laser Dentistry. How can I assist?  And we're actually really good at getting people into a conversation, whether they're asking for pricing, or if you take an insurance, or if they can make an appointment.  And we take that person's information down,  name, phone number, email address, every time.


43:13
We pass it over to your practice in the form of an email. And then we also call Soap or Smiles. And we'll say, hey, we just sent you an email with a new patient lead. know, hang up the phone with us, pick the phone back up, and call the person in that email right away because they're looking to hear from you. So we're able to get like super fast response times to which our successful practices, who are really fast, get about 80 % treatment acceptance from these patients because of the customer service online, the customer service on the call back. They all sign up, they all come in, they all show up.


43:43
you


43:45
For $175 a month, I think it's a great thing to try for two months or so and see how many conversations we have, how many leads we send over, and how many you close. Because if you close one per month, you're going to get a good ROI. But most practices with a Google budget like yours and that are going to be getting into SEO, I think you're going to get a good handful. And if we can get two or three more patients per month just for $175, that otherwise would have said no, it's a good investment.


44:15
And if it's not, we'll know that as well. uh


44:25
So I feel like you get a lot of people that are just...


44:30
Yeah. calling it or messaging at midnight or whatever, asking a really dumb question. It was not the patient base that we were.


44:43
And that's exactly why we're different. We're only during business hours and we're weeding out those patients number one because you know people who are sitting on a computer drinking wine at night or asking weird questions they're not doing that during the day and number two because we are calling your office it makes your team's response time so much faster which definitely plays a role in converting those leads.


45:13
It's  on both.


45:18
And then,  just be.


45:32
we have to contract.  We don't have a scheduling tool. um Do you guys use like a revenue well or solution reach right now? We use patient cloud.  Oh, that's right. are using patient cloud for that's right.  Yeah.  If you guys are really into it, which I think you said you were.


46:04
And  it's expensive. It's  another  $300.


46:12
Yeah, I'm not sure  what patient POP's fees are, but I know you can probably just use their scheduler.  I can't imagine they say no to that, but I'm not sure what that might look like. Okay.


46:28
We're not in a contract with them anymore.


46:37
makes total sense. Yeah,  so I'll reach out and I'll go before I was using a scheduler. Because I do think it's worked like  the other hesitation I have is switching because  I feel like we've been using it for a little over a year and it's got a good  system in place around it,  it seems.  And we'd have to kind of change some stuff if we had to switch companies because they're all different.  Oh yeah,  I understand.


47:05
Yeah, cool. All right, well, I'll ask that. Do  you guys offer any type of  training or have some webinars or something like that for the?


47:19
Do you agree? I mean, I think our person...


47:24
very likable patient. m


47:28
It'll be interesting to hear some of her conversations,  because I don't think she's overly  friendly on the phone.


47:38
just like the response time is something that we've been really like  harping on. It's like  she was really,  and she has help, it's not just her,  but  you know, she was really relying on technology like, they scheduled online and oh, they.


48:05
Oh, man. oh


48:26
this afternoon, she's calling everybody for the next week.


48:35
the doctor is. I think we're  out. I think it's gained speed and it's


48:46
videos or anything like that.  We have some like best practices recordings like of clients of ours that have answered the phone great that have allowed us to share those recordings.  Okay. That's probably the best that we have Chelsea.  Are you working with Kim at all  to like doing training like that? Oh yeah.  Yeah. she's been helping with all of it.  But it's just,  yeah. And maybe even just letting


49:13
you get a


49:16
not a word, kind of like, okay.


49:24
actually.


49:28
But if we're noticing that a commission rate is as good as it could be,  then  I think  letting her hear  herself and.


49:42
Yeah, actually that ties right into what I was gonna go into with the reporting side is we'll actually have a 24-7 accessible dashboard to these recordings. So number one, you guys will be able access them anytime. You can give her access, but we are listening. So as we come across things like that, if we do, I hope we don't, we can send those to you and you can share them with her for sure. Okay, okay, that sounds good. Yeah.


50:15
Yeah, my team is  very proud of work that they do. um for better or worse, when they hear something that could be better,  they point it out quick because they really want you getting the return on investment from them, from their work.  Yeah.


50:46
If we do have to


50:49
longer.


50:53
Is it a huge hindrance not being able to do the custom on tight with you? oh


51:00
doing all month while you wouldn't be able to do the chat.


51:10
you know, what would your expectation be with that? Just what? Yeah, if we were on the PatientPop site, I could, the website maintenance you wouldn't need, live chat would be dependent if they put it on, but I don't think they would. Yeah, I don't think they would.


51:27
While I love SEO, Chelsea, I couldn't sell you SEO knowing you couldn't get results on a patient pop website. So, fortunately, we would have to push that off too. So, it's basically just be Google Ads and social media? Correct. Okay. Well, let me just do, I should be able to get an answer, you know, by tomorrow on that. I'm gonna stay respond pretty quickly. And then we can kind of just fully commit one way or the other. Okay.


51:58
But yeah, mean, this is right in


52:03
and  ultimately you feel like  it's


52:08
gonna get.


52:13
Seven times return. Yeah, the Google Ads will provide that return right away on its piece But the SEO will obviously take a few months to start providing that return on its own Yeah, and the live chat kind of supports both of those I'm not asking this to make you commit or to hold you to it or anything, but I'm just out of curiosity. Do you think if we started doing Google Ads within the first couple of months, the way that you've...


52:47
think that we'd probably be adding,  you know, $10,000 to our monthly,  just some kind of that.


52:57
the other stuff  builds up, we'd be getting closer to the 25.


53:01
oh I do exactly think that actually. um You have to look at the patient value for the first year. Because if you did get a general patient that was coming in for their first visit,  obviously you might not have let's say a thousand dollar value attributed to that patient. But when you look at their value over the year, you'll definitely be there.  So  if you get larger cases or more treatment, know, obviously the cash flow would probably be better immediately. But we definitely would say yes. If you value that new patient's value over the whole first year, what you just said is pretty accurate.


53:35
I don't think the services we've used in the past have been great  and  I think the expectation was just not set properly.  And so then that was my biggest  problem was I was never getting...


53:51
because they over promised and under delivered. So I just want to know, and I have a pretty good idea just from having been in that boat and getting those quote unquote excuses, I kind of know what to expect, but I just want to make sure that I'm good.


54:10
Yeah,  and I'm very, very big on saying those expectations right because if you're not into it, I don't want you signing up for it. I want you to  know what you're getting into, work with us to measure it month over month,  and that's  why we do keep our clients because I'm very upfront. I have no problem saying that something's not a good idea.


54:45
and we can go from there.  That sounds good. Would it make any sense maybe to put a time on the calendar for Monday or Tuesday to kind of reconvene?  Yeah.


54:59
for 50 with


55:21
You too.


55:36
Okay Um, make the next step happen, we're like, we're very motivated to do it. So we'll, we will be in touch and we'll, um, get moving.


55:48
Totally fine Dave. And the only reason I was asking about time for next week is we have the Florida Dental Convention next week.  And so my calendar is a little crazy and I just want to see if maybe we can lock something in. Even if we have to move it, that's okay too. But what do you think is better? Well, it would have to be, if it was gonna be  Monday, it would have to be...


56:11
That's okay.


56:15
or something like that. Your mountain time, right? Yep, so two hours, I mean, yeah. Let's do 530 mountains, 730 my time. Okay. And if we have to move it, just let me know, that's not a problem.


56:32
Well, I'll put us down and if anything comes up in meantime, let me know. Otherwise, I'll look forward to us talking Monday at 5 30 your time.


56:41
Thank you so much. Thank you both. Have a great day.  You too. Yes, thanks for the time. It all helps on the set-up.  Thanks, Dave. All right.  All to Gary. See you. Bye. Bye. um



Dental discovery site:
00:03
For any reason you ever feel uncomfortable or that we're not the right fit, just because we were firm by Shannon doesn't mean anything. There's no pressure here. No thank you is totally acceptable outcome on your end. And for some reason we can't meet your senior expectations. I would be very upfront with you as well. Is that sound fair?


00:21
Well, Shannon mentioned a few things. Your concerns with some websites and being mobile friendly, or your website being mobile friendly, social media plan, branding for Dr. Tibbs. I'd love to have you set the stage, the floor is yours, we're just about to start.


00:43
Thank


01:02
See you later.


02:36
So as far as concerns now, just the website. Other things might be down the road with we should just focus on the website, right? Yeah. Okay. And it sounds like you have some branding pieces. You have the IE logo, the new logo, you have another type of branding to support them and allow our team to kind of match the website with that brand? Yeah. Cool. And how soon do you need a website done? a perfect world. Well, mean, we've a couple of years ago.


03:06
Okay, that's very fair, perfect. And Maria, it sounds like you kind of manned the ship over there. Who else might be involved in the website design and build process that will have an incident?


03:49
as well as on the website. I have plenty of content that's going to talk about the procedures that you do. Am I missing anything?


04:04
Okay.


04:41
you


04:49
And have you identified other down-to-earth things that you really like that you had no idea what some design aspects of?


05:03
We'll start with this.


05:32
Yeah, you look so amazing. I could have meant to switch this bill for a while.


05:39
you


05:50
Well, as far as your timeline, it's very fair. You can watch some videos of what I might touch on if you guys don't mind.


05:59
If you guys are taking any videos of yourself, the office, staff, you need video shot.


06:08
Thank


06:41
And those are pictures of the GM video still.


06:46
I know you mentioned pictures, but he had videos already taken as well.


07:51
Oh yeah. oh


07:59
Thanks.


08:15
Looks very nice. And  Dr. Tibbs, you mentioned you want, you know, maybe video. Would you be open to shooting video then if we didn't have any?


08:45
Yeah, so what I'm thinking is, we do custom, beautiful websites here. We also work with the in-house video team at Services Florida. And then we have a company we work with nationwide that's able to bring video to many of our clients in any city. I would love to put on paper a proposal for a website, maintaining a website, and then maybe on a close shoot, and separate each piece so we can go over timelines, expectations, and the investment in each.


09:13
So you guys kind of evaluate it, see maybe you'll bug it all, maybe you'll hate it all, or maybe there's parts of it that you like and you can see what with this video. What do you think?


09:26
Exactly.


10:11
Yeah, so mind if I walk you guys through our website link design and build process and I add a little bit of color to the context here.


10:33
What's that? No, I'm sorry, thinking, do you if I walk you guys through our process? I can tell you about how we do our web systems and that process looks like. Sorry, I thought you guys were talking so I didn't want to interrupt you. Yeah, so what happens first typically, what's a client design zone class? We'll go have a website design consultation. You guys can bring two or three websites that you like and what you like about them to the table. But on top of that, over the years we've developed an amazing set of questions that are designed to address.


11:03
a lot of you will be wanting to design. So, Dr. Tiff, you were saying that you'll use the center of the branding logo, et cetera. Yes, you definitely do. We'll take the logo, we'll take the branding, as well as all the many questions we'll ask about like movement, functionality, smoothness, sharpness, imagery that we use. And once we get all that combined, within about a week, we'll produce a one-page PDF mockup of what your website will look like once it's completed. You'll either hate it, love it, or want some changes to it.


11:32
Plus, our clients would be liking it, but most of do want a few rounds of changes, and we'll make as many rounds of as is necessary. Once you approve your design, which in part goes by two-week process from council to the final approval, then we start building the website. We start coding it all together, gathering the images, gathering the videos, writing the content, to which about 30, 45 days later, it's ready for your final review. And I'm sure you'll have some changes as well. We'll make those changes all on your website process by two, two and half.


12:03
process for research.


12:23
So if they, when the new website goes up, it will go to coloropera.com, it will go to the new website. I can see what we can do to add something on the current website that says a new website coming soon. I'm not sure if you need it, but if you did, and if you were able to, which is a little bit, so it depends on how your current website is coded, we can add it.


13:09
looks like your website's built on a .asp framework. So I'm going say there's a 90 % chance without me going back and right now I know what it looks like. A 90 % chance I could add something to the website and maybe be able to add a page for you, Dr. Tips, in the meantime. I would definitely add it on since the new website's coming. Worst case scenario, and if you really wanted to make a change before the new website's done, you could change this website out with a landing page.


13:38
a one page,  nice redesigned website that just has the best information, the doctors on it, if you wanted to. I think we can update the current website if we had the right logins to do so.


13:56
Yeah, we have the right lock. Do you have the lock that's still upside?


14:08
You go daddy right?


14:16
You take to the goat, so it doesn't mean it's a goat,


14:35
No, great.


14:42
It looks like this is probably the hosting for CloudFlare. You're gonna need your GoDaddy logins, because that's where your domain is registered to. And you're going to need your CloudFlare login, which is your hosting account. With those, we should be able to make changes to the current website.


15:12
you


15:18
Thank you.


15:30
The biggest thing we need is the GoDaddy logins because if we build a new website, you're gonna need the GoDaddy logins to point to your new website, like to get your new website showing up on Keller period. I don't Obviously we'd like to make that so for about a certain time. That Dr. Smith is showing up on there. But obviously the most important part is that when your new website goes up, you can make that show up on Kellerperiod.com. That's what we need GoDaddy for.


15:59
Yeah, you should. mean, if you lost your log information, you just call GoDaddy and they'll ask you questions. They'll try to figure out what email it's associated with. They're pretty helpful there. have really, really great customer service.


16:19
I don't off the top of my head. I know all of our website, but the video shoots go into the page, because we have different teams, different places, and I also want to make sure I can write up a video proposal that's going to have the right amount of videos that think you guys would want them to talk about from there. Would it make sense for us to talk maybe on Wednesday or Thursday and kind of go over some pricing and stuff together?


16:48
I don't on the videos, I really don't on the iPod, which I did. I can tell you that our website is Yeah, our websites are $4,500 flat. For the design, the build, the writing, fully optimized, search engine optimized, it comes with back end builders so can like buy things that are owned, before $500 is what it is for


18:02
Yeah, so we have, once a website's done, we have a website maintenance package. It's $175 per month. It comes with a lot of stuff, but the biggest thing it comes with is unlimited updates and support. So if you want to make changes at any time, you can make those changes on your behalf after the website's done on unlimited basis.


18:23
And that's exactly what our clients want to They want to add pictures of our pages, want put up specials, they want to change staff. So that's what I do.


18:35
And whether or not you have them do their videos, that's another great point, which is even if you relocate, say, one of the videos and the website, you're probably not gonna get your video scheduled, shot, edited within the time that the website might be done. So we would just build the website in that way that you might add video in the future, whether you decide to now or not. The website will be able to withhold, have videos in it, and be watched without video there if necessary.  And that's


19:05
Yeah, right. We're one of the largest dental market companies in country and have over 500 practices we work with every day.


19:16
Yeah, for sure. Would you guys mind putting some of them together so we can go over them and pick an example off of pricing for everything on paper for you?


19:28
I just want to make sure that you guys have some stuff on paper that you can also go over. And it would seem like it's just a website. There's a lot that we put into it. So I you know everything that you're getting for your money. And also go into more detail of the timelines. Make sure you've got it right for the point.


19:50
Yeah, for sure.


19:58
think he made those guess. And that's tips. If a next call doesn't make sense, I told Mary Ann this in the beginning, there's no pressure here. So I don't want to pressure you guys, but I just have a process to make sure that the paper are in agreement with our clients, we want to make sure we bring out the right clients and really fit their needs correctly. Is it, I can say it was about to say it, but maybe...


20:32
Yeah, that's I was asking. If maybe you didn't want to touch on the calendar, just take a look at the work and see if anything made sense.


20:52
No, you guys, I think you're misunderstanding me. I'm going to send you websites right now. if you guys, yes, if you guys don't like them or don't want to talk, just let me know. No pressure to put time on the calendar today.


21:07
Good night, everyone, tomorrow.


21:12
out.


21:34
Thank you guys so much for time today and I look forward to seeing you on the way. Alright, have a one. Thanks for time,


21:51
I just don't think they were understanding.


22:04
Thank you.


22:09
I think they were misinterpreting what you were trying to say.


22:15
that  I think they may have thought that we were trying to avoid sending them examples of websites.


22:27
Yeah, you were just trying  to make the upfront contract a little bit more clear.


22:38
Yeah.  I know. I saw where you were coming from. was pressuring in my NT. was like... eh


22:49
Yeah.


22:52
Yeah, that didn't make sense. Then she got defensive like, we're booked up this week. And I'm like,


23:01
That was weird. I'm sorry, this is a, I actually needed this call because I have a referral for, from Fortune for a website. Is it? I have a Fortune client too that wants to talk about a website and I wanted to see, my fear is that when I get on the call with this client, it's just a website and I'm gonna obviously do discovery to see if there's other pain points that I can dive into. ah But if it ends up being.


23:29
similar to what they said, just want to focus on the website right now.  And they try to ask about pricing on that discovery call. I wanted to see how to navigate it. Because it's always difficult, especially with the referral.


23:46
Yeah, that's I was thinking.


23:51
they can see the descriptions on paper, like the bullet points and you're walking them through the design process, but they're also seeing the bullet points. Like 100 % own website, custom, all the other stuff that's on there. I think that them seeing it adds more value than just hearing it.


24:29
signed up whenever that comes in.


24:35
Yeah.


24:40
you know,


24:47
Yeah, it's weird when it's just a website and people ask about pricing upfront on Discovery and it's hard to get them back  on the phone.


25:14
I noticed you put 4,500 instead of 4,250.